README.md, before:

xSwatch
=======

xSwatch is a theme for [XOOPS 2.5](http://www.xoops.org) that is based on [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com) 3.3.7.

The main theme is based on [Bootswatch Cerulean](http://bootswatch.com/cerulean/), and a *dark* alternative is based on [Bootswatch Slate](http://bootswatch.com/slate/).
Theme specific templates are generally compatible with and in many cases borrowed from [xBootstrap](https://github.com/angelorocha/xbootstrap).

Features:
- emphasis on better mobile experience
- self hosted, with no off domain resources required
- built in EU cookie compliance
- administrator toolbar with block edit feature

Customize xSwatch:
- customize the Navigation Bar in tpl/nav-menu.tpl and language/*/main.php to match your system
- customize the Jumbotron in theme.tpl
- for best experience install both the PM and Profile modules
- to enable the dark theme, copy the contents of the *css-dark* directory to the *css* directory.
- alternate [Bootswatch](http://bootswatch.com/) themes can be swapped in easily by coping the theme's bootstrap.min.css into the css folder.

Credits:
- Twitter Bootstrap - [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com)
- Angelo Rocha - [xBootStrap](https://github.com/angelorocha/xbootstrap)
- Thomas Park - [BootSwatch](http://bootswatch.com/)
- Silktide - [Cookie Consent](https://silktide.com/tools/cookie-consent/)
- Klaus Hartl - [js-cookie](https://github.com/js-cookie/js-cookie)

Commit message:

Extract the older xswatch from XoopsCore25

README.md, after:

xSwatch3
========

This is the xswatch theme extracted from the pre-release XoopsCore25 XOOPS 2.5.11-Beta2

xSwatch is a theme for [XOOPS 2.5](http://www.xoops.org) that is based on [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com) 3.3.7.

The main theme is based on [Bootswatch Cerulean](http://bootswatch.com/cerulean/), and a *dark* alternative is based on [Bootswatch Slate](http://bootswatch.com/slate/).
Theme specific templates are generally compatible with and in many cases borrowed from [xBootstrap](https://github.com/angelorocha/xbootstrap).

Features:
- emphasis on better mobile experience
- self hosted, with no off domain resources required
- built in EU cookie compliance
- administrator toolbar with block edit feature

Customize xSwatch:
- customize the Navigation Bar in tpl/nav-menu.tpl and language/*/main.php to match your system
- customize the Jumbotron in theme.tpl
- for best experience install both the PM and Profile modules
- to enable the dark theme, copy the contents of the *css-dark* directory to the *css* directory.
- alternate [Bootswatch](http://bootswatch.com/) themes can be swapped in easily by coping the theme's bootstrap.min.css into the css folder.

Credits:
- Twitter Bootstrap - [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com)
- Angelo Rocha - [xBootStrap](https://github.com/angelorocha/xbootstrap)
- Thomas Park - [BootSwatch](http://bootswatch.com/)
- Silktide - [Cookie Consent](https://silktide.com/tools/cookie-consent/)
- Klaus Hartl - [js-cookie](https://github.com/js-cookie/js-cookie)
